c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\DuplicateSearch.exe.config
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\DuplicateSearch.exe
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\DuplicateSearch.pdb
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.XmlTransform.dll
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\NuGet.Core.dll
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\View\DuplicateSearchView.baml
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\View\DuplicateSearchView.g.cs
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch.g.resources
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch.exe
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch.pdb
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\View\Skins\DuplicateSearchSkin.baml
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\View\ShowFolderView.g.cs
c:\users\kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\View\ShowFolderView.baml
C:\Users\Kolo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DuplicateSearch\DuplicateSearch\obj\Debug\DuplicateSearch.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
